may third so since there wasn't much in
the news today I'm just gonna geek out
for a couple of minutes the x10
conference went on today and for those
of you don't know what the x10
conference is it's microsoft's gaming
conference and they released the day for
the halo reach beta me third may sir may
third mark that on your calendar cuz
that is the day that i vanish off the
face of the earth for at least a week
the first Halo Reach video doc is coming
in the morning so excited I am probably
going to stay up all night until it
comes out and that is not a joke how sad
my life is microsoft also announced a
couple other treats like Allen await mei
18 an HD remake of the old nintendo 64
perfect dark game and a game i've been
following for a while called toy
soldiers it's a strategy game where you
can control old-school toy soldiers and
vehicles it's pretty much like toy story
meets command and conquer yeah something
like that it comes out march forth and i
put the trailer in the sidebar i got it
right this time today is the official
one year anniversary of my first youtube
video i released a one-year anniversary
video last week but for some reason
youtube subscription box isn't working
and a half people didn't even know about
it so make sure you check it out and get
ready for another one year of my canned
cheese action plan on doubling the
amount of music videos that i make
doubling the amount of skits that we do
and making sure i do a mic and cheese
show every week i know this is kind of a
stretch but i'm hoping to get 10,000
subscribers by the end of the year i
think it's a reachable goal especially
if you knew about all the crazy awesome
new music videos and skits i'm planning
my brain is full of awesome a lot of you
guys been asking mike where's the ODST
remix well it keeps getting pushed back
because of other projects and location
issues but i promise you it will come
eventually this week either working on
new music video that i plan to reach on
sunday for a single awareness day some
of you may have heard the song before
it's the song love comes in big packages
it's pretty much a parody on rap sex
songs and I thought it was fitting to
release it on Valentine's Day it's
actually a remake of the Valentine's Day
song I did last year for those of you
who have been Mike
she's fans that long well the wrap
things up short I gotta go work on the
music video make sure you stop by every
week for the latest Mike and cheese show
she's out oh and here's a little preview
the song for sunday rose is a straight
violets are twisted bendable love you
are about to give fish it assisted a
constricted my dicks so big bed lube is
assisted come in girl i'ma show you some
affection it's